steps to sign with cosesigntool (#353)
microsoft/scitt-ccf-ledger: demo/signing-and-policies/README.md

# Preparing signatures for the service

> Signature envelopes (payloads) must be COSE_Sign1 structures as defined in [RFC 8152](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc8152) but with the specific claims as documented in the [inputs explanation](../../docs/inputs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Signature envelopes (payloads) must be COSE_Sign1 structures as defined in [RFC 9052](https://datatracker.ietf.org/doc/html/rfc9052) but with the specific claims as documented in the [inputs explanation](../../docs/inputs.md).
```

There are number of Errata in 9052, so it's better to point at it than at 8152.
